Bruceaxoniq prod update 1 (#3165)
AxonFramework/AxonFramework: README.md

  <a href="https://www.axoniq.io/products/axon-server">Axon Server</a>
  ·
  <a href="https://github.com/AxonFramework/AxonFramework/issues">Feature / Bug Request</a>
  <a href="https://www.axoniq.io/products/axoniq-console">AxonIQ Console</a>

</p>

#

<p><br/></p>
<img src="https://www.axoniq.io/hubfs/axon-framework-line-light.png" alt="Axon Framework logo" width="500">

The Axon Framework is an open source framework that's 100% Java and enables developers to build scalable and maintainable applications using a message-driven approach. It simplifies the complexities of developing distributed systems by providing a structured way to handle commands, events, and queries within your application. [If you're not familiar with the Event Sourcing pattern](https://www.axoniq.io/concepts/cqrs-and-event-sourcing), you can learn more about it on our website.

# Axon Framework
[![Maven Central](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/org.axonframework/axon/badge.svg)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/org.axonframework/axon)
![Build Status](https://github.com/AxonFramework/AxonFramework/workflows/Axon%20Framework/badge.svg?branch=master)

> [![SonarCloud Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=AxonFramework_AxonFramework&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=AxonFramework_AxonFramework)

Reviewer: I would really want these badges to be somewhere on the main `README.md`, as they quickly show the status of the repository.

> The Axon Framework further enhances your applications and services by enabling you to support for Event Sourcing, a powerful architectural pattern where state changes are recorded as a sequence of events. Why is this important? Well, instead of just storing the current state in a traditional database, every change is logged, providing a complete history of how the data arrived at its current form. This can be incredibly useful for auditing, debugging, and even recreating past states of your application when necessary.

Reviewer: The part "...services by enabling you to support for Event Sourcing..." feels weird as a sentence. Shouldn't `for` be removed from this sentence?

> For Java developers working with microservices, the Axon Framework offers tools to manage the complexities inherent in distributed systems. By leveraging its messaging and event-handling capabilities, you can build applications that are not only scalable and robust but also easier to extend and maintain over time.

Reviewer: Any programming language in the JVM would work with Axon Framework, not just Java. So, I think we should make that clear:
```suggestion
For JVM-based developers working with microservices, the Axon Framework offers tools to manage the complexities inherent in distributed systems. By leveraging its messaging and event-handling capabilities, you can build applications that are not only scalable and robust but also easier to extend and maintain over time.
```

## How Can I Get Started with Axon Server?

If you're getting started with the Axon Server, then we recommend that you go to the [AxonIQ Documentation Portal](https://docs.axoniq.io/home/), which provides links to our tutorials, guides, and reference documentation.

Furthermore, below are several other helpful resources:
* ⬇️ [Download the latest release](https://www.axoniq.io/download) of Axon Server. It's free and easy to install and customize
* 📖 [Read the lateast release notes](https://docs.axoniq.io/axon-server-reference/v2024.1/release-notes/) to see the latest features 
* 📖 [Read the tutorial](https://docs.axoniq.io/bikerental-demo/main/) on building a Bike Rental application from scratch
* 📺 [Watch our in-depth video training courses](https://academy.axoniq.io/) in the AxonIQ Academy

> * 🙋 [Ask questions](https://discuss.axoniq.io/) in our help forum, Discuss

Author: We have a whole section on the console
